gh-84016: Implement missing `PyObject_CopyToObject` in `PEP3118` (#124747)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/C_API/2024-09-29-14-34-53.gh-issue-84016.f1ThMN.rst

> Added public :c:func:`PyObject_CopyToObject()` to ``pybuffer.h``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added :c:func:`PyObject_CopyToObject` to copy a C-style or Fortran-style
buffer to a Python object.
```

This probably requires an additional entry in the What's New section.
